foreign
enough to extend an invitation and then
through the Masjid
half was sitting so humbly at the back
may Allah bless him and the rest of the
administration they agreed to put this
program together so I just want to thank
them as the messenger solarius who said
whoever is not thankful to the people
won't be thankful to Allah
secondly my brothers and my sisters I
want to thank all of you guys
for taking time out on a Friday night
to sit here in front of this skin this
poor guy right to take Knowledge from
him Allah bless every single one of you
guys I know you could write I know you
guys could have been doing 101 things I
know many of the elders especially are
extremely tired especially if you're
working nine to five and then to come
and sit here to encourage your family to
bring your kids it's not an easy thing
so it's something that is highly
appreciated I ask Allah as they would
have to bless every single one of you
guys and increase your own in goodness
third point I want to mention my
brothers and my sister and I've been
saying this a lot in a different
massages and the cities that I'll be
going to
some of us may have come to the Masjid
and we are regulars
and we might end up seeing individuals
who might not necessarily fit
the type of person who normally comes to
the message
and I say this specially to my sisters
you may see a sister who's wearing hijab
a certain way right and it might well be
that this is the first time she's
wearing the hijab
and is being done in a manner that you
are not maybe accustomed to
so you start looking down at how you
start giving her maybe these weird looks
right which gives off the impression
that she might not necessarily belong in
the house of Allah
and likewise to my brothers you might
see a brother who's wearing certain
things that he wouldn't normally see in
a mischief
I advise everyone to fear Allah right
the houses of Allah are not just for
money Subs
or for sure
of Elders right who are sitting in the
front row the house of Allah as they
were just for everyone
whether that person is a drug dealer
from wherever area Birmingham
right doesn't matter if they're from
Adam Rockwell right so for a small lead
from anywhere the house of Allah is for
everyone
right it's not right for us to start you
know budging up with our friends saying
oh it's that guy from Dario
what's he doing in the message what are
you doing in a mischief
you're in the middle because you're
trying to benefit you're trying to get
close to Allah and likewise he is as
well
and the last time because of house was
staring down at her
so please bear that in mind
alhamdulillah we've been getting
some of the biggest drug dealers come to
the massage
I mean like biggest Trappist votes
they've been coming from Masjid sisters
who don't even wear hijab they may come
into them and then I get a message on
Instagram saying
right please
bear that's in mind shall Allah
every single one of you guys
our discussion for today my brothers and
my sisters as you guys are aware we want
to take a passage from
if I do that I will share who gave the
introduction
mentioned the statement of
which was very very powerful may Allah
mentioning that we said it in English
I haven't seen anything
that
feeds the mind and nourishes the soul
and likewise save God through a body and
guarantees your happiness
every single one of us here wants
happiness
we are crying out for satisfaction for
contentment for fulfillment
some of us are spiritually dead and
empty
because of the kind of Lifestyles that
we live maybe it's the sin that has tied
us now
and when looking for a way out my
brothers and my sisters look no further
in the Quran
quoted you want the happiness and the
teammates saying there's nothing more
great to that nourishes the heart and
feeds the mind and guarantees your
happiness more than constantly looking
in the book of Allah
right reflecting on it pondering upon it
right even subhanallah before he passed
away
I believe it was
70 times
that recited the book of Allah and then
he passed away in the last verse that
recited was
foreign
the righteous individuals they will be
at goddess and also Rivers
subhanallah that was the last one that
came out of his mouth
really triggered my mind to something
very very beneficial a lot of us are
going through problems and hardships we
don't know how to maneuver and navigate
around it look no further in the Quran
some of you guys may have seen his
schedule for the next three days of my
program
today in Coventry I gave the football
about a new body is extrapolated some
benefits
elders and young people came up to me
and they said
the story of the story of Europe really
changed their perspective
went through a lot of hardships and
difficulties
right adversity
that he went through
subhanallah his health was affected
his wealth was taken away from him his
children passed away while he was
through breathing
and then the people around them they
abandoned them
so when you see subhanallah someone like
you who's going through all of this
doesn't Inspire us to know what
complaining about maybe because we're
still living in a castle flower
right because we're still living in the
council flower complaining
instead of being thankful to Allah alike
house
it's a blessing
huh
my point my the point my brothers and my
sister is that the Quran has answers to
so many of the problems that we have
and as you will come to see inshallah
and I hope to change perspectives with
this the reason why I'm going through
passages of the Quran because I'm tired
of giving back truth
there's only a set amount of mawaliyah
topics that you could cover throughout
the year
why don't we just go through the Quran
which is the hill
that we're looking for the shifa
right the solution to many of our
problems
right
Allah will be able to get through 15
benefits but we'll try to take some and
then inshallah the remaining are
mentioning I'll mention it in quick
party so Allah my brothers and my
sisters he says
because
Allah says
we tested it who is Allah speaking about
he's speaking about quraish
the family of The Messengers
Allah says we tested them
just as we tested
the companions
of the garden
alongside these individuals they were
about to hear a lot about
the people of the garden right
why is Allah to mentioned the 4-H
because Allah
is alerting them he's warning them
we've given you so many blessings o
people operation
and even then after we've showered upon
you so many blessings you're being
ungrateful
how are they being a great hope
the greatest of blessings that came
their way was
the emergence of the message
he came to you with guidance to take you
out of the Lord
out of the darkness into the light and
then you you refuse to believe in it
right
they were businessmen they would make
money
in the winters and likewise in the
summit with the Caravan that would go
back and forth
to Damascus
Syrian where it is today
they would be making money going back
and forth with Safety and Security no
worries
but then
when they disbelieved and they rejected
it and they denied the message
as Allah says
the example of the village right
it's Provisions he's become to it from
every direction they had saved the
insecurity and sometimes you undermine
this the fact that we're able to wake up
here in the UK
not hearing bullet shots going off
time my brothers and my sisters I wasn't
even stuck when the war started taking
place
terrifying the place was going upside
down
right it was a war zone
we managed to get away when I was there
seeking knowledge everything was fine
and then the old place you guys are
aware it turned into a war zone and up
until this very day that suffering
right to be able to wake up not worrying
about whether you're going to get shot
at the moment you step out of your house
well why is a blessing
foreign
as a notification to these individuals
I want to disbelieve we want to be
ungrateful
the people of this Garden is
a little bit of a
of background information
with regards to who they actually were
these the men my brothers and my sisters
when their father passed away was a
righteous man
they inherited
a garden that he left behind
about the inheritance right your father
passes away and he has learned and he
has possessions right that which has
value at work
it will be distributed in a manner
foreign
right
it's not 50 50. huh we had a legislation
we have a law
or we don't just deprive the women no
it's a way that is distributed according
to the rule of Allah
so they inherited with God that that
their righteous father had left behind
he says
his children inherited it
look what they said about their father
our world was done our father was
foolish
is
because he used to give a part of it too
a poem that needy that's why he was dumb
or foolish look what they're saying
about the father who has left behind
that which they are benefiting from
and this is how they are Batman
right
then look what they said
for only Naomi held it away from these
poor these needy people because now we
have children right
life is getting more expensive why
should we give it to them just keep it
for ourselves
this is in a nutshell my brothers and my
sisters
what they decided to do because
they took an oval
that before the morning kicks in before
you begin to see the light appearing in
the sky
right we are going to take the crops and
the fruits from this Garden so that by
that time the poor and the needy wake up
they will see that the place in Ebony
and there won't be anything for them
we'll go and take in benefits from
everything that our father Left Behind
for us he was Dumber foolish let's be
smart but that's what he thought
right
and then Allah says
they didn't say inshallah
so what happened
the intentions that he had what they
wanted to go with some film
before they even had a chance to execute
whatever they wished to do Allah sent me
fire was destroying
the garden that Allah is the origin had
blessed and went with
foreign
so when they woke up they began to call
one another they woke each other up
it's time to go
to Regatta to carry out and execute what
we planned out
so they began to walk towards this
garden and they began to whisper to one
another you know like a bunch of Thieves
and Robin right as they're heading
towards their target they begin to
whisper right what they're going to do
and how they're going to execute it
so they began to whisper to themselves
today
not a single poor person will enter into
this God
is
so they thought they had the power to
carry out what they claim
Ed
so they arrived at their Garden
and they looked at it
confused no no this is not our God
because what happened Allah azza was
just sent a fire that destroyed this
Garden
it became like what
became like the dark patches of the
night so they were like no one lost
we're at the wrong place let's continue
so they began to walk
they walked off
and then reality kicked in they came
back
and they said
tells us
indeed
we have been punished we have been
deprived
right
there's no one the reality has kicked in
now what they wanted to do was that
which they have now been punished for
even though they didn't carry out
that the intentions go a long way
foreign
right the most righteous and the most
smartest from amongst them
he turned around to them and said didn't
I tell you guys
if only you glorify the lies into it
right if only you did what Allah wanted
you to carry out so he used to advise
them but he was there at the time to
witness what they were about to carry
out
nobody
and then they said glory be to Allah
indeed
we have wronged ourselves indeed we have
been oppressive
they started now being self-critical of
themselves
and then as human beings normally tend
to do guys
they squared up to one another and each
one started blaming the other
it's because of you it's because of you
because of you it's how we are human
beings right when things start going
wrong we're ready to point the finger
there everyone
so hey and I hope I'm not pressing
anyone that's how we are as human beings
right
away
they said woe to us indeed
we violated the limits of Allah
says right quoting them perhaps now
Allah will give us that which is better
now we desire Allah we will return back
to Allah
at times bring you closer to Allah will
come unto it inshallah
Allah says
such is the punishment of Allah
and then they can either
right such is the punishment of Allah in
this Dunya
well
and the punishment of Allah Hereafter is
greater local only the people
will be held to account is
on the day of Resurrection right
we are gravely mistaken
almost instantly immediately
a punishment may come our way my
brothers and my sisters in this Dunya
before the hereafter
the first benefit my brothers and my
sisters and I hope inshallah
as photographic memory
or Guru just mashallah takes in
everything that he has you don't need to
write down
if you don't like that these brothers
these benefits may come in handy
extremely handy in fact later on the
line right
first benefit my brothers and my sisters
is
can take away your blessings in a hobby
agreed
not just money
that you've been working so hard to
accumulate
that we've seen happen people losing
their wealth
right almost
everything that I possess they lose it
overnight
because of
some very bad moves on the investment
table
right they lose everything
Brothers
who tend to listen to music or they tend
to misuse these body parts
these organs that we take for granted
Allah can take it away you know
heartbeat as Allah said Allah
website
wanted he will take away your ability to
hear
and your ability to see it
Allah is let me tell you guys about a
good friend of mine
I was with two days ago in his home
this friend of mine my brothers and my
sisters
a couple of months ago
he was at the Chelsea Stadium Stamford
Bridge around door time we all know
where Santa Bridges right I don't think
anyone wants to go there now right huh
they're not doing the greatest
the other day I asked the brother is
there going to be any football games on
Saturday because I don't want it to
clash with the lecture because there's
just Chelsea Blair huh
because probably Noah's gonna watch it
Shabbat are going to come to the Masjid
and then he said to me they're more
closer to the relegation Zone the
benefit
the top four lower
he was at Stamford Bridge
and he took a picture took a selfie with
someone that he was with
by the evening my brothers and my
sisters you know what he said to me
I lost my ability to speak I lost my
ability to walk I found myself all of a
sudden
in a wheelchair not because he was in a
car garage no though
he just lost all of these blessings in a
heartbeat
he's from Leicester they took him to a
hospital to a hospital in Peterborough
and my friends they would go and visit
him every Friday
I visited him once
Allah and my brothers and my sisters it
was so painful to see him in that
situation
he couldn't speak whenever he wants to
communicate with me he would get these
whiteboard private and then he would
write on it
and they would rub it out and he would
write with it
and then he showed me the picture of him
stunning a Stamford Bridge house estate
this is not
a story for Cartoon Network guys it's a
real life story
that to a liar was a huge reminder to me
how Allah can take our blessings away
from us so quickly
we might tell these stories but
sometimes we always think thousands
that's very far-fetched that I will
happen to it
right
I don't think that's going to happen so
we continue to use and abuse some of
these body parts in a murder that is
displeasing to Allah
right
you know
never does Allah never does one disobey
Allah as there was it with something
except that Allah will destroy those
it could be a social media platform you
have a big following mouth and you
misuse diet
Allah will destroy that
and it may well be that he uses that to
destroy you and we've seen it happen
enough times I don't need to mention
names right
people who are extremely popular
right
and then the exposure came out
Allah my brothers and my sisters
I've seen enough individuals who Allah
would bless with nice cause
and then once he gets into his nice car
right lady poor old huh
guessing this nice car especially what
on the day of eight revving
right
blasting music looking to pick up girls
what is he using now to disobey Allah
those wonderful beautiful card that he
had
revving Earl zoom zoom
a couple of months go by where's their
wonderful beautiful cop
light edges are working
um
so surprising my brothers and my sisters
too many times
right too many times I've seen
the blessings of Allah is the ways that
were misused that we disobey Allah
you know that's the best that I want to
mention that came down on the battle
foreheadness
right I came down in the battle
foreign
on that snow mountain sure those who
have visited in Medina have seen that
small Mountain that everyone goes and
climbs gets to the top of salt take a
selfie
a mountain in front of where the shahada
he plays 50 of his companions on there
told them don't come off no matter what
happens
so when the Muslims thought that they
were
they already won the battle
we know the Hollywood
and then he hit the Muslims from the
back
those that were toughly started all
being amongst themselves some of them
started saying
let's go let's go get the whole booty
and others are saying no don't didn't
say stay on here
right
he showed you that what you like
you disobeyed a lot and then after he
showed you that we should like
how many a time my brothers give us that
which we want
and instead of being grateful what do we
do
we throw it back at Allah
and I want to mention two of the
scenarios that he mentioned
a righteous husband
to be a righteous husband or you are us
being Allah not be my princess Charming
right and then the day of the wedding
arrives instead of being thankful and
had to do that in this sexualized
Society I can now do things in a Halal
way what do we do my brothers and my
sisters
free mixing
blast the music right people are going
crazy and then you advise him or her and
she says brother stop being the
companies it's just would follow us it's
just one thing
right
not realizing that these things that we
carry out on the wedding night
has a long-term consequences
right long-term consequences you may not
see it my brother or my sister
the sins that we carry out with
ourselves affects the relationships that
we have with others likewise your spouse
says it right
we affects it in different ways the
other example that he gives was you
begalizer for the whole year yallah give
me good Grace today he gives his good
great party
A bash that we throw Disco
partying
going crazy
right
is this how we treat Allah brothers and
my sisters
rocked him up inside of that
by the way Houston was an extremely
individual
he was granted
half the beauty of mankind where's the
other half
huh
what happened to everyone else
an effort
the rather or the other half was
distributed
it was distributed to the rest of
mankind
when she locked him inside of that room
and she said hey telekinesis get it on
right
what did he do my brothers or sisters
what does that mean he began to remember
the favors of
to him because of where he was he was
thrown in the well it was in the middle
of a well
abandoned forsakib and then Allah
brought him into a very luxurious Palace
this is how we should feed
right
when sitting or when we are about to sin
Allah did all of this for me
right
he was locked he could have done it
but Allah is watching him to remember
Allah
hi
this is used
my brothers and my sisters
that says that we carry out
could easily be lost
right
because of the sins that we carry out
just as they in most
Their Blessings overnight
and my friend lost his ability to see
and likewise here
no not here but to moon found himself in
a wheelchair that could happen um
it could happen to every single one of
us depending on how
right we deal with these blessings that
come only
second benefit my brothers and sisters
the world take away
you guys tired
huh
shall stop
sorry
you know the truth
second benefit my brothers and my
sisters
pardon me
after the reality kicked in he said
glory be to Allah as though that indeed
we were oppressive we wronged ourselves
what's the lesson that we take from him
to being self-critical
to be self-helpful
what was the first benefit by the way
huh
Allah can take away your blessings in a
heartbeat don't forget my friend guys
come today is doing a lot better now
but even then he can't speak properly
you can't speak of it all
he still you know
it can happen from being in the Stamford
Bridge stadium I'll throw a time and by
the evening he's in a wheelchair
second benefit guys is to bees of
Christian this is exactly how they were
right
after they seen This calamity taking
place
they turned around to Allah indeed we
wronged ourselves
right
with wrongdo songs and this is how we
need to be mobilismal sisters when
things start going wrong
the easy option is to start making
excuses for ourselves
sorry
this is happening to me because Allah
loves me
you might say to me the prophet is
and then also in the message today we'll
mentioned this
is
prophetess and then those like them and
then those like them
so the easy option is when things start
going wrong like you have marriage
issues or in your business though things
are going wrong right or just like in
your relationship with the people things
are going wrong
I'm very righteous
that's why only this is happening to me
are you right to say this are you wrong
but then you also have other evidences
and texts
like when Allah said um
how do I know that it's this or that we
can tell me
this is one of the reasons that the
scholars mentioned
huh
anyone else
if you're patient they have
one of the best explanations that I've
had my brothers and my sisters that when
we go through calamities and hard shells
to this is all
is that
we raise the possibility that it is
because of the sin that I created
I put myself in a win-win situation what
is this win-win situation
I start repenting to Allah
if it was because that Allah
you've only increased in what status
you've only
now what are the love forgive me which
is a great thing to do anyway
and if it was because of your sin
in Allah
Allah
and loves those that are pure
are you Brothers this is with me so we
raise the possibility that was because
of a sin I sit down
and I start being self-critical of
myself I start doing something
holding myself to account maybe this is
happening because of what I did
yesterday or maybe because of that girl
that I looked at more than I should have
or maybe because of so and so that I
butt-bited that I took so lightly or
that I said XY and said about yesterday
the easy option is that Allah Allah
Loves Me Like not so long ago actually
was a couple of month before there was a
situation
his husband and wife they were
going through a lot of problems and then
she kicked the husband out of the house
and then they asked me to Saw the
problem and he said please speak to my
wife
and I know the sins that they involved
in
I asked the lady
why do you think you're going through
all of this
huh she was because I became close to
Allah
loves me
because I'm so righteous
I can count 101 things that's going
wrong in that marriage
this is a couple that is cheating the
government again they make five thousand
pounds amongst themselves and even then
the government paid for their
how I don't know
right
and the way you see dresses as well
right and how she
you know exposes herself online another
big red flag
big reason you need to know try to fix
my sister
I said do you not feel bad that you are
bringing your children up with
bringing them up with
right
and inside this no I'm telling you
sister speak
tell me what you think
supposed to write her
I may not be that close to Allah after
all
right
this is the easy option and sometimes it
causes you to be deluded
does that make sense Allah loves me what
is it when you're doing 101 things wrong
every other day
so he put ourselves in a win-win
situation
I don't really like to men I normally
really like the story even though I have
so many stories written down with the
bus to how the righteous of the past
they were what so self-critical of
themselves have you guys in the city
Muhammad was from the students
right
he was thrown in prison at the end of
his life
he was thrown into prison at the end of
his life you know what can anyone tell
me
what'd you get that fun
he took it from one of the actors
playing with
he bought a whole load of oil
and a rock got stuck inside of it
you know what businessmen do they buy
things on credit
they buy things on predicted
and then they sell it and then once they
got the money
right they paid the credits about to say
I was a businessman right so no they do
unless you've got a lot of money you
just buy a hour right right
pipe talking about the less fortunate
he bought that and then he found a rock
stuck inside of it
said Portugal out
couldn't pay it back to mention this
from this prison
guy who was going through some financial
difficulties it was bankrupt and I
degraded it
I look down at him
and now I've been tested by that exact
same thing
it's not happening to me
today
Allah is a huge lesson here
you honestly changed my life
it changed the way I look at people's
problems and my perspective on things or
just being someone you know
when things go wrong what should we now
do between ourselves and Allah in his
father seeking forgiveness
all right
but the moment you start retaliating
that's when it becomes a problem
he comments on this incident and he says
examples like this are many
reasons
or some adversity or some trial except a
sin that I committed
foreign
and then
I begin to see a worse punishment or
more astonished to be a bit more correct
all right sometimes we do this right
far-fetched excuses that we make for
ourselves
to remove the or to make ourselves feel
better with me now ever
right
but what we should do is go sit in a
corner
immunothermia says
when you see someone retaliating when
things start going wrong he's like what
huh
starts losing control around it gets odd
you know and he doesn't hold himself to
account no this guy is suffering from a
big problem
this is a collaborative team with an
assault the fact that he doesn't want to
hold himself to account
right
examples are many my brothers
with regards to this very poignant I've
seen it too many times in my life where
an auntie she sees
a girl
doing that which is not correct
committing maybe sleep in the road
right
and instead of this auntie with
masha'allah she has daughter they're all
doing great job and whatever happened
she's doing good instead of staying at
him tonight
it could happen to them
but then they're going around oh I look
at that girl huh
they're disgusting amongst you know they
have these auntie
get-togethers
uh
you know it's stirring everything
over tea
ripping into others
instead of making diet for her asking
Allah to guide her instead of doing that
or ripping into them looking down up
there begrading member how many times
have I seen how many times have I seen
my brothers and the sisters
Sony a matter of time before it ends up
happening to her righteous Pious
daughter
she's gonna grow up I think you forgot
that
and then she becomes worse than the girl
that she was what the gradient
there was even against Panama thing as
I'm running out of time on your number
two
left
it was a guy limit
you know when was in Yemen we lived in a
village it was completely disconnected
from reality
Village
water was crunching the pipes maybe once
every two days or three days I lived in
the mother house guys it's nice
huh honestly it teaches you how to you
know
be simple
they were one of the you know someone on
a nice periods of my life I didn't
really had
when I talk about the mud house but huh
that was the brother of
who would send out the tower to West
London
anyone who has 12 hours to walk
cannot give silence in the Masjid
because wearing flowers
wearing trousers Harold
for life have they missed how he would
push people around bullied it
Mr Right just comes back to West London
huh
reality kickson you need to start
working now how are you going to make
money agreed it's not expensive
just about every work you have to wear
troubles
was
it goes insurance so I'm not gonna it's
gonna do talk I'm gonna I'm gonna put my
trust in under the drive
and when I got called by police
Sharia the Sharia the legislation didn't
tell you to do that
So eventually because now you want to
get married you're in a very sexualized
Society you know
guys roasting huh is to get married
any job that comes along
guess what guys
he finds himself working in the airport
not just wearing trousers but he's
wearing purple trousers
who wears purple today guys
huh
we have a colorful Banner right
I don't think anyone here would normally
walk around the PAW Patrol
there's a narration that is fabricated
but Scholars they mentioned in their
books
a minute
never does individuals degrade another
except they won't die for each other
be careful
how you look down at others
right the tables will tear they'll come
back the whole shooting
that makes sense
so be self-critical
be someone who holds himself to account
with so many shortcomings
stop worrying about what your neighbor
is doing
right
and perhaps inshallah that might put you
in a better position in the eyes of
Allah
I'm tired guys
the next benefit my brothers and my
sisters is I think we'll just do five
and then the rest we can find on my
YouTube channel
sorry sometimes I tend to get excited I
go into it
third one my brothers and my sisters
a blessing that brings you sorry a
Calamity that brings you closer to Allah
is better than a blessing that takes you
away
you know sometimes we feel sorry for
ourselves oh my brother has a big house
my sister she has a mansion
I I had mashallah
it's like the uh the Beverly Hills
birming it
I had all the rich people live here I
know it's a good small heat and not a
rock
no offense by the way I keep mentioning
to anyone that's here from there I love
you guys
a side note kind of
you see so-and-so has big house someone
so has a nice mansion so as far as so
much money a new Miskin picharo huh The
Pride you don't have much
right
and you're sitting around feeling sorry
for yourself
a lot of time and let me know if you
disagree or not right
those who are blessed with a lot of
money this is not in every case
but a lot of the time you find those
with a lot of money
they tend to have a lot of problems in
their lives
not in every case guys but it's very
widespread I went to Australia
Sydney
all the kangaroos are huh I was being
driven around by a brother and I'm like
wow
Muslims are original
guys they've caught huge management
one of the guys in Australia saw it and
he got offended right
right just talking about the situation
Brothers driving me wrong Muslims
masha'allah they had huge houses
I went into someone's house I was
flabbergasted
so it's like Muslim he goes yeah up
until the Imam gets the phone call
and then the Imam finds out what
happened in a lot of these homes that
are owned by Muslims
where a lot of these homes have been
taken out on Haram
right interest and what about me
had my brothers and my sisters may Allah
bless those who have wealth and keep
them satisfied to keep them away from
Haram right but the point of the matter
is
at times they see this individuals but
so much that he's far away from Allah
right Allah may choose not to give you
that
maybe if you did have that you would go
far far away
agrees my brothers and my sisters
you would go far far away
to know that you are struck with that
brings you closer to Allah that keeps
your feet on the ground that keeps you
humble or lies
there's a very powerful statement in
between me look what he says right
well foreign
he goes if it wasn't for all of these
calamities and these tests that you go
through you would be afflicted with
arrogance self-amusement you might even
start picking up
Ferroni Pharaoh type of traits
and a hardness of the heart but from he
says
from the birthday of the most merciful
one Allah is that at times it makes you
go through that
so that you come back down to earth
that you turn back to it just like your
body is
18 years of calamities that he went
through and when he started building
these hardships after maybe what 60
years of bliss
60th
of going through so many luxurious you
know Timeless and everything that you
could think of that he had
well hell
I mean like a lot of well and then he
lost everything in a hobby
they brought him back to our lives out
right and Allah wants that my brothers
and my sisters
wants you to reach a point where you
stop relying on the 50.
today you go to so and so you complain
to him and you say I went through this
and I went through that
maybe the first time you'll be
empathetic and sympathetic you know and
in the fourth time what is this guy
going to shock
people are like that human beings like
they don't care a lot of the time they
get tired of you
this guy's always just you know about
painting
Allah wants you to reach a point where
all of these people my brothers and my
sisters can't do anything for you the
only one that you return back to
and you give that exclusivity to his
Allah
that's from the blessings of what
huh of the blessings that we go to Allah
Allah sometimes takes something away
from you
and you're thinking that you're missing
out yes go by and tell yourself
how many times have you been in that
position
right
and even with my friends
right after this happened he never left
a single prayer
he never left a single player in even
though he's you know in a very bad State
he'll sit down and stop praying
all right
but before was it like that no
so don't look at these this calamities
my brother's always negative
we're gonna go through two more guys
because I'm mentally exhausted
this is program number five today
I even went to the daughter of riddle
should the offset officer sorry
how many is that guys
on
Allah can take away if this is
number two
to be self-pit or whistle all I will
really just went too much into some of
them when we were hoping as benefit
number three
yeah Calamity that brings the clothes to
Allah is better than
number four and then I'm gonna finish
with number five Rich Porter
number four my brothers and my sisters
what kind of father was he
was a righteous individual suffered we
mentioned he was righteous and he left
his behind for them
what did I say about that
oh that was Donald was foolish so I
hated by your dead father
he was righteous
the fact that they didn't know
that you giving charity is going to
bless their wealth it show us that they
were uneducating
right the shows that they were
uneducated
because maybe you had the father
educated them about
the merits and the benefits of giving
charity
they would have maybe
said whatever they said about their
father or maybe
you know dealt with this matter in this
way
right
are you brother this is with me
there's a very very important point that
I want to drive home you know my
brothers and my sister as someone who
distributes inheritance
you know how many times I've seen
a very rich guy acting away
he lives behind Millions
a lot of money
this will be enough
for his children maybe for the next 40
years
they'll be cool they don't even think
about work
having said that
you could see the greed and you can see
murder in some of the eyes
if they could kill their own siblings
just so you could take the wealthy to do
that
see in his eyes
and you're thinking to yourself
subhanallah his father
he would wake up day he would wake up
every morning thinking about the money
that I need to accumulate so that my
children can be well off
that's the case our fathers you know all
the likewise they were so hard so that
you have a better life
but
what benefits but all this wealth that
they leave behind or then you leave
behind us they follow beat your kids
if the moment you passed away the global
next
right
simply because they have no Islamic
education
they don't have any morals in any Banner
right
you know there's Hadith when the prophet
salallah is so scary it's Hadith scary
Arts so brace yourself
it's not just for parents it's for you
guys all tomorrow you're going to be
perfect
because you need to invest in yourself
right now
for what you're going to do in the
future message yeah
foreign
there's not an individual who's been
given a responsibility
you have children they are your
responsibility
you have to look after them
saying after being given this
responsibility it doesn't fulfill it
accordingly
what does that mean does that mean he
didn't put food on the table or he
didn't no we're not speaking about it
even though you have to do that it's
important
here when we're talking about is
hey he did not advise them accordingly
he did not teach them what they needed
to know
that they when he died he dies as they
are
someone who deceived his children
all right he deceived his children
upon it
a father thinking about his children and
then as soon as they passed away will
lie one time I was sitting in a
restaurant in the Medina
right
there's a guy like I'm trying not to
listen but it's so loud I have to listen
right there's no way out of us I'm
listening like and it was around the
time when his wedding inheritance
the chef who sing to the brother
would that just passes away
stop saying bad things about your dad
he goes no but my dad he made all these
promises to my brother
and he's calming him now
because look inheritance
yeah
our teaching classes telling us every
day huh
why cases like that
right
that's very very unfortunate
what's the most more important is that
they walk away with Islamic knowledge
yes
ensured that they have a good education
that they are when off after the person
is great as well but at the expense of
what you leaving the house every day
coming back very late and them getting
no Islamic education whatsoever they
don't have that Honesty time with their
father just to ask them about how are
you doing
right
so that's very very important
otherwise you may find yourself being
cursed by your children after you pass
away
and then there are those panel of the
fathers didn't leave anything behind but
because of how we invested in their
education Islamic education and they can
drive for them the message thoughts I've
told us about an individual who's being
raised
on the day of resurrection and he says
why it's happening
your son
he used to what ask for forgiveness for
you
I was being elevated
brothers my sisters
because Bob was maybe the most important
benefit
they could have been saved from all of
these troubles
if they had walks
huh
sha Allah also
like
hello
he said that they had Memphis
a Greek
beneficial knowledge my brothers and my
sisters
right
is what we are need in need in today's
day and age
more than anything else
this is what's going to help us maneuver
around Fitness
desires and temptations
knowledge is going to help you maneuver
on the I went to 27 universities guys
around the country
some of these feminists they tried to
Blue head feminists they tried to shut
it down
right
some of the colorful people
alhamdulillah they failed it
foreign
I would engage your students just like a
lot of big either
that Iman has been shaken to the core
feminism liberalism
secularism
all of these different isms and US para
should be concerned right
rainbow tea very active coming around
and I'm not inciting By Us by the way
I'm just saying what's happening
Abu Tema doesn't have his own views and
opinions
just in case someone wants to cut out
what I said I worked for Channel 4. uh
I'm just saying what happens Allah had
witnessed if I went to University I went
to lawful University
engineer people who would learn my
religion and then you see them walking
around oriented they would be walking
around
targeting
people who are what weak in their
religion uneducated on equipment
they don't have the tools to equip
themselves to repel these doubts that
are coming their way
they know the religion better than they
knew
right
even the guy who wrote the hands were
addiction
he has heard of handsworth dictionary
anyone who's learning Arabic language
will know that is
how is Arabic his
a Shahid
knowledge
is that what she's going to help us
navigating around all of these different
fittings that are out there
a lot of the time my brothers and my
sisters why does one feel
no issue with falling into that sin
it goes down to one simple reason
we are lacking knowledge of Allah
this is when Once Akita his belief comes
in extremely extremely handy
what is the only source of knowledge
that we have of Allah
he said names and Naturals
I'm not talking about these debates and
arguments that people have been talking
about learning about what does and Aziz
mean what does Hakim mean what does mean
if you just learn about Allah
everything happens for a reason
sometimes it just come up to you and
they say in our why is all this evil
taking place that means there's all God
everything happens for a reason
foreign
even though from the apparatus what
very horrible everything happens for a
reason
right everything happens for a reason
like I mentioned earlier just so we
realize the wisdom of Allah if that
didn't happen I wouldn't have this today
how many times do we find ourselves in
that situation
that's just one name of Allah azer that
increases our faith especially when
we're going through difficulties and
hardships
I don't know if I mentioned it here did
I mentioned
who said that she's angry with Allah
okay type
give you guys an example in Ramadan one
of my best friends inside his house
you know his mom walked in and she said
I'm not faster today you know why
because I'm angry with a lot
of
you with Allah
she goes I do so much worship
speaking to go through so many problems
and by the way I'm sitting in a mansion
I said look at the house that you have
look at all the children Allah
blessing every day you will fit in your
house
of course you're gonna go through trials
and trip Nations and hardship is bound
to happen this world is a Abode of what
hardship
it's an auntie that's very dangerous
right that puts you on the fringes of
your religion to say well I'm angry at
Allah
what is the problem here
our lack of knowledge when it comes to
our belief when it comes to when it
comes to knowing Allah the message said
in need
I'm the one that has the most fear of
Allah and the most
what do we mean by this or what can we
take from this that the more the
increase in knowledge the more you
increase in fear of Allah
the less my brothers and my sister you
will fall into these sins
that we see ourselves sometimes just
throwing ourselves into
and you know how you were better your
relationship with Allah is by learning
sometimes people say to me all the time
I don't feel that connection with Allah
why because we don't know anything about
it
right for those who are married
for those who have wives when you were
looking for your wife
why do people off that
Golden Temple why did you walked out
some brothers don't know
why'd you go offer because you heard
that mashallah she's this and she's that
she's got this straight and she's got
that right that you like site
what does I show you the more you learn
about someone
the more you begin to
feel connected and I'm not trying to
compare Allah to this lady huh is the
more we learn about Allah
Allah has many names
he hasn't named as his attributes
you come to know about the power and the
mighty of Allah the mightiness of Allah
right well I believe in you learned
about you never even think about it
never
what a result me is the ultimate
provider never brothers and sisters
especially in times of difficulty when
things get tough
that's when my brothers and my sisters
you're going to what really appreciates
the capabilities of Allah
but that requires knowledge
the strength in our life either which is
our most important thing brothers and
sisters what we believe which keeps us
going
these don't Muslims some of them are
committing suicide why because there's
no either
all the five things
number one
Allah can take away your blessings and
I'll be I'm too
sorry guys
number three
Brothers on fire uh a collaborative that
brings you closer to Allah is better
than a blessing that
like money that takes you away from
Allah you start clubbing because the
money they have is that really good
number four
that was number five
good the importance of what educating
your children
number five
beneficial knowledge about learning
about Allah and his only source of money
that we have of Our Lives what his names
and his attributes
like I said I'm not talking about these
debates that people are having
foreign
of course how much
595 grams of silver actually as there's
ways to calculate it as a website called
coin apps
I don't know the step huh
ask yourself how to calculate inshallah
right
something very small they have in the
air
has a reason thresholdan that's 12
months gone by
sure a lot of you guys are
kind of eligible not not that you we
have to pay to you I mean that you have
to pay huh
my brothers must say my world be taken
away from you
and those who give charity we have
a navitsap
Allah the building
you will tell you
we got uh I'm not going to say anything
else
those who give Charity My Brothers
always increases their wealth
huh
those are money and give and are
generous to testify to that
there would be people that I meet every
year in Medina
these were the most generous of people
and every time they would say to my
Lodge gave me more and more and more
right
sixth
six
Channel
is
this is program number five
you guys might see a video going around
again
if you guys know I'm talking about right
honestly I just want to thank the
administration of the Masjid
was not here today it was in Egypt
took a break of five weeks I was like
Chef I still need to read to you said no
after five weeks
and
a shirt it's hard and the rest of the
administration
who put this gathering together every
single one of them and how can shout out
this is the first of many visits
honestly I enjoyed coming to this area
very different
small Heath Amanda Brooks
well not that's every single one of you
guys
and until next time
what time is Aisha
or two minutes